Now we will shift gears to talk about metrics useful for measuring your company's growth.
Here growth for a website or app,
is counted in the number of users.
Are we seeing the number of people actually using the site increasing or decreasing?
If you seeing your website users high,
are they unique users or are the same people coming back?
An important aspect of growth is not just whether you have
users but whether they continue to actively use or engage with the website.
We'll talked about the following metrics,
active users, which can range from monthly,
weekly to daily, stickiness,
which is derived from the monthly and daily active users,
and finally churn rate.
Ready? Let's jump into it.